docs: PEM-11038: 4.9.b DHI ImagePullSecret + Helm Install Fixes (#10766)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vertex/install-palette-vertex/install-on-kubernetes/vertex-helm-ref.md

| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------- |
| `dockerConfigJson` | The values of the `config.json` file encoded in base64 as a single string, containing the registry URL and credentials for your image registry. For more information about the `config.json` file, refer to the [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#config-json). | String   | `""`              |

```yaml
global:
  imagePullSecret:
    dockerConfigJson: ewoJImF1dGhzHsKCQkiaG9va3......MiOiAidHJ1ZSIKCX0KfQ # Base64 encoded config.json
```

:::info

To obtain the base64-encoded version of your `config.json` file, use the following command. Replace
`<path/to/.docker/config.json>` with the path to your `config.json` file. The `tr -d '\n'` removes new line characters
and produces the output on a single line.

```shell

> cat <path/to/.docker/config.json> | base64 | tr -d '\n'

Author: ```suggestion
:::info

To obtain the base64-encoded version of your `config.json` file, use the following command. Replace
`<path/to/.docker/config.json>` with the path to your `config.json` file. The `tr --delete '\n'` removes new line characters
and produces the output on a single line.

```shell
cat <path/to/.docker/config.json> | base64 | tr --delete '\n'
```
